shadow of the ninja generally just  referred to as kage in its japanese  version is perhaps the ultimate  heterosexual couples game you've got a  man and a woman and an army of robots  and together  you have to play through the incredibly  simplistic repetitious challenge of  chopping down those robots like so much  firewood on some kind of vaguely defined  mission to save the world is it couples  therapy no it's not it's better and the  soundtrack is so excellent that the next  time you go to see your therapist you  are going to insist that they provide  you with soul-searching advice while  listening to the music from shadow of  the ninja  [Applause]  some of you are clicking on this video  with the assumption that there are two  types of people in this world some are  just too sexy to play video games  and some are  so hideously ugly or  so socially awkward or so undesirable  for intellectual and ethical reasons  that all they're ever gonna have in  their lives are video games instead of  sex love romance and the uh more refined  pleasures  of both the body and the mind the truth  is of course more complicated than that  there are some people watching this  video who think  why would i ever waste my time playing  video games when i could be cheating on  my girlfriend and there are some of you  who think  why would i ever cheat on my girlfriend  when i could instead  be spending that time  playing video games  now i am not here to dispute the wisdom  or morality of cheating on your  girlfriend most of you will recognize  right away if you cheat  someone is going to get their heart  broken someone is going to get hurt and  if you're the one doing the cheating in  all likelihood paradoxically enough the  person who ends up with a broken heart  is going to be you but when you think  about a grown man  sitting alone  playing video games for just five hours  a week  in my opinion  as bad as sleeping around may be you're  looking at a dude who's doing something  far worse with his time with the limited  amount of intelligence imagination and  initiative he's got to work with he is  doing something far worse by putting  that time into video games  then frankly if he put the same time and  effort into sleeping around and that  brings us to the momentous topic of this  video the question of whether or not  there are any video games that you would  play you should play you might play  sitting down with your girlfriend  sitting down with your wife sitting down  with  the woman you love when there are better  things the two of you could be doing  such as frankly having sex with each  other and as obvious as this question  may be  you will find it strangely overlooked  in the literature of video game  journalism because most of the guys  doing these reviews most of the guys  writing these articles they barely touch  the two-player mode because there is  nobody in their life to be that second  player and from the perspective of  somebody who simply has something better  to do somebody who could be reading a  book who could be accomplishing  something great or yes somebody who  could be having or giving another human  being dozens of orgasms the question  becomes what video game if any is worth  playing and paradoxically the answer  often is very simple very quick games  that are no more deep or complicated  than pong yes yes y'all this is sega  tennis a game that very much in  principle and practice is no better than  and no different from pong and yet i can  well imagine you might sit down with  your girlfriend with your husband with  your wife and for five or 15 minutes  enjoy it to that same extent not because  the video game is so great but because  you're enjoying each other's company  while barely noticing that you're  playing a game at all  i am recording this video on may 23rd of  2022  the last possible day that you could log  into the nintendo eshop and pay to  download  bomb monkey here depending on where you  are it's about a dollar and 99 cents if  you saw this video on the day it was  uploaded and you paid to download this  video it would cost you pennies and just  one day later it would be virtually  priceless because the only way to buy  the game once the eshop closes down is  on a limited run cartridge bomb monkey  very simple game played face to face  with two people sitting on opposite  sides of the same 3ds console a typical  video game journalist would complain  that the game is shallow that it's  repetitious that it's something you'd  only ever want to play for three minutes  but those are exactly the things that as  a two player experience for someone has  something better to do  makes it great columns by sega is one of  the most misunderstood and most  underrated of mainstream games ever made  and that's for a simple reason  that unfortunately has no simple  solution in the year 2022.1  just like pong just like that tennis  game that's every bit as simple as pong  the only reason you would ever want to  play this game is to play it in two  player mode with someone you love with  someone who's a company you enjoy with  someone you may be having a conversation  with while you play the game and yeah  it's only gonna be five minutes and so  for the reasons i've already stated it's  inevitable that video game journalists  are gonna overlook and underrate this  because they don't play the games in two  player mode  secondly the single greatest  misconception about columns  is that the genesis version is the best  is the definitive version of the game to  be played to be reviewed to be enjoyed  the genesis version is  broken the two player mode is broken the  definitive version the best version of  columns is the 8-bit version  and there are two of them one is the  game gear version of the game and there  are only two ways to play this right now  either you go and you download it from  the 3ds eshop today to play it on a  nintendo 3ds or you play it on original  hardware and yes yes y'all this is what  original hardware looks like so if you  aren't gonna own two game gears with a  link cable connecting them and you're  not gonna somehow download it from the  3ds eshop today  your alternative is to play the sega  master system version also 8-bit also  excellent whether the game gear version  is better than the master system or the  master system is better than the game  gear i can't say but it is those two  versions it's the two 8-bit versions  that are worth playing and that have an  excellent two-player mode that is  utterly lacking from the 16-bit version  from the genesis and in my opinion every  other version of this game 16-bit or  32-bit is not worth playing the sega 3d  classics collection has been very  cheaply available as a download from the  nintendo eshop and now that the eshop is  ceasing to exist i would predict that  the cartridge will become more and more  expensive even though it is not scarce  the compelling reason to buy this is not  to own one copy but to own two copies so  that you can play  two-player puyo puyo is it worth it well  if you want the other games in the  cartridge for example you want a really  good version of sonic 1  then fine go for it but the truth is  this isn't the best way to play puyo  puyo this is not even the best way to  play puyo poyo on the 3ds believe it or  not  that goes to the 8-bit version  adapted from the game gear  dr robotnik's mean bean machine again  only worth playing as a two-player game  i would never sit and play this alone  but we're not talking about playing  video games alone and we're not talking  about losing 40 hours a week to a  life-ruining habit if you wanted  something to sit down and play for five  minutes with your girlfriend yep despite  the graphics being so ugly this is one  of the best options on the platform and  the question is how will it be playable  once this particular platform dies  for a long time i've wanted to make a  video discussing games that are better  in their 8-bit version  than in their 16-bit version in some  cases it's that the 8-bit version is  better than the arcade game and this  life force  also known in japan as salamander this  is definitely an example of that now i  will never have the free time to make  that video contrasting eight versions of  16-bit versions it's just not going to  happen i'm an ambitious person and yeah  not only do i have better things to do  i have better things to do than cheating  on my girlfriend it has to be said but  if you ever want to take a break from  saving the world to play a video game in  which you pretend to be saving the world  this is one of the greatest two-player  simultaneous cooperative examples  of its genre and yes i would be remiss  if i did not mention  if you wanted to get a tattoo  based on a video games cover art  this would probably be in the short list  of best options of best contenders  [Music]  [Music]  bye